Sor10874/readmes/31 35 (#726)
Esri/arcgis-runtime-samples-android: java/list-kml-contents/README.md

## How it works

> 1. Add the KML file to the scene as a layer.

Reviewer: we should provide a code instruction here

> 2. Explore the root nodes of the `KmlDataset` recursively explored to create a view model.

Reviewer: something funny with the english here, I'm not sure how best to change it - not sure my suggestion makes sense? 
```suggestion
2. Explore the root nodes of the `KmlDataset` which are recursively explored to create a view model.
```

Author: yes, I thought it could have been a typo and what was meant was "recursively exploded".

## How it works

1. Create a `KmlLayer` from the `KmlDataset` which represents the KML file.

> 1. Add the `kmlLayer` to the `SceneView`'s operational layers.

Reviewer: we can just refer to the kml layer is plain english on this line since we "instantiated" it above 
```suggestion
1. Add the KML layer to the `SceneView`'s operational layers.
```
